[Feature]: Improve client constructors (#211)
powersync-ja/powersync-js: .changeset/fuzzy-dots-shave.md

---
'@powersync/react-native': minor
'@powersync/common': minor
'@powersync/web': minor
---

> Improved constructor behaviour of PowerSyncDatabase and logic for open factories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved constructor behavior of `PowerSyncDatabase` and logic for open factories. Deprecates `RNQSPowerSyncDatabaseOpenFactory` and `WASQLitePowerSyncDatabaseOpenFactory`.
```
